# 六十甲子本命元辰历

**The Primordial Cyclical Calendar of the Sixty Jiazi (Sexagenary Cycle)**

**Title:** *The Primordial Cyclical Calendar of the Sixty Jiazi*
**Author:** Unknown
**Volume:** One
**Source Text:** *Zhengtong Daoist Canon*, Section Zhengyi, Part One

---

**The Primordial Cyclical Calendar of the Sixty Jiazi**

**Jiazi (1st year):** The original destiny belongs to Wang Wenqing. Eighteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Greedy Wolf.

**Yiwei (32nd year):** Du Zhongyang. Sixteen attendant officials. Female.

**Guisi (30th year):** Shi Gonglai. Nine attendant officials.

**Yichou (2nd year):** The original destiny belongs to Long Jiqing. Sixteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Ministerial Gate.

**Jiawu (31st year):** Wei Shangqing. Eighteen attendant officials. Female.

**Bingshen (33rd year):** Zhu Bozhong. Fourteen attendant officials.

**Bingyin (3rd year):** The original destiny belongs to Zhang Zhongqing. Fourteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Salary Store.

**Dingyou (34th year):** Zang Wengong. Twelve attendant officials. Female.

**Yiwei (32nd year):** Du Zhongyang. Sixteen attendant officials.

**Dingmao (4th year):** The original destiny belongs to Sima Qing. Twelve attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Literary Brilliance.

**Bingshen (33rd year):** Zhu Bozhong. Fourteen attendant officials. Female.

**Wuxu (35th year):** Fan Shaoqing. Ten attendant officials.

**Wuchen (5th year):** The original destiny belongs to Ji Chuqing. Ten attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Upright Integrity.

**Jihai (36th year):** Deng Duqing. Thirteen attendant officials. Female.

**Dingyou (34th year):** Zang Wengong. Twelve attendant officials.

**Jisi (6th year):** The original destiny belongs to He Wenchang. Thirteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Martial Brilliance.

**Wuxu (35th year):** Fan Shaoqing. Ten attendant officials. Female.

**Gengzi (37th year):** Yang Zhongsheng. Seventeen attendant officials.

**Gengwu (7th year):** The original destiny belongs to Feng Zhongqing. Seventeen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Destructive Army.

**Xinchou (38th year):** Lin Weiqing. Fifteen attendant officials. Female.

**Jihai (36th year):** Deng Duqing. Thirteen attendant officials.

**Xinwei (8th year):** The original destiny belongs to Wang Wenzhang. Fifteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Martial Brilliance.

**Gengzi (37th year):** Yang Zhongsheng. Seventeen attendant officials. Female.

**Renyin (39th year):** Qiu Mengqing. Thirteen attendant officials.

**Renshen (9th year):** The original destiny belongs to Hou Boqing. Thirteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Upright Integrity.

**Guimao (40th year):** Su Tajia. Eleven attendant officials. Female.

**Xinchou (38th year):** Lin Weigong. Fifteen attendant officials.

**Guiyou (10th year):** The original destiny belongs to Sun Zhongfang. Eleven attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Literary Brilliance.

**Renyin (39th year):** Qiu Mengqing. Thirteen attendant officials. Female.

**Jiachen (41st year):** Meng Feiqing. Fourteen attendant officials.

**Jiaxu (11th year):** The original destiny belongs to Zhan Zijiang. Fourteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Prosperous Fortune.

**Yisi (42nd year):** Tang Wenqing. Twelve attendant officials. Female.

**Guimao (40th year):** Su Tajia. Eleven attendant officials.

**Yihai (12th year):** The original destiny belongs to Pang Mingxin. Twelve attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Great Gate.

**Jiachen (41st year):** Meng Feiqing. Fourteen attendant officials. Female.

**Bingwu (43rd year):** Wei Wengong. Sixteen attendant officials.

**Bingzi (13th year):** The original destiny belongs to Xing Sunqing. Sixteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Greedy Wolf.

**Dingwei (44th year):** Shi Shutong. Fourteen attendant officials. Female.

**Yisi (42nd year):** Tang Wenqing. Twelve attendant officials.

**Dingchou (14th year):** The original destiny belongs to Zhao Ziyu. Fourteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Great Gate.

**Bingwu (43rd year):** Wei Wengong. Sixteen attendant officials. Female.

**Wushen (45th year):** Fan Boyang. Twelve attendant officials.

**Wuyin (15th year):** The original destiny belongs to Yu Zizhang. Twelve attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Prosperous Fortune.

**Jiyou (46th year):** Cheng Wenchang. Fifteen attendant officials. Female.

**Dingwei (44th year):** Shi Shutong. Fourteen attendant officials.

**Yimao (52nd year):** The original destiny belongs to Shi Wenyang. Fifteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Literary Brilliance.

**Wushen (45th year):** Fan Boyang. Twelve attendant officials. Female.

**Gengxu (47th year):** Shi Ziren. Thirteen attendant officials.

**Gengchen (16th year):** The original destiny belongs to Yin Jiaqing. Thirteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Upright Integrity.

**Xinhai (48th year):** Zuo Zixing. Eleven attendant officials. Female.

**Jiyou (46th year):** Cheng Wenchang. Fifteen attendant officials.

**Xinsi (18th year):** The original destiny belongs to Yang Zhonggong. Eleven attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Martial Brilliance.

**Gengxu (47th year):** Shi Ziren. Thirteen attendant officials. Female.

**Renzi (49th year):** Su Shangqing. Fifteen attendant officials.

**Renwu (19th year):** The original destiny belongs to Ma Ziming. Fifteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Destructive Army.

**Guichou (50th year):** Jiang Hanqing. Thirteen attendant officials. Female.

**Xinhai (48th year):** Zuo Zixing. Eleven attendant officials.

**Guiwei (20th year):** The original destiny belongs to Lü Weiming. Thirteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Martial Brilliance.

**Renzi (49th year):** Su Shangqing. Fifteen attendant officials. Female.

**Jiayin (51st year):** Ming Wenzhang. Sixteen attendant officials.

**Jiashen (21st year):** The original destiny belongs to Hu Wenchang. Sixteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Upright Integrity.

**Yimao (52nd year):** Dai Gongyang. Fourteen attendant officials. Female.

**Guichou (50th year):** Jiang Hanqing. Thirteen attendant officials.

**Yiyou (22nd year):** The original destiny belongs to Kong Ligong. Fourteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Literary Brilliance.

**Jiayin (51st year):** Ming Wenzhang. Sixteen attendant officials. Female.

**Bingchen (53rd year):** Huo Shuying. Twelve attendant officials.

**Bingxu (23rd year):** The original destiny belongs to Che Yuansheng. Twelve attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Fortune Preservation.

**Dingsi (54th year):** Cui Juqing. Ten attendant officials. Female.

**Yimao (52nd year):** Dai Gongyang. Fourteen attendant officials.

**Dinghai (24th year):** The original destiny belongs to Zhang Wentong. Ten attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Great Gate.

**Bingchen (53rd year):** Huo Shuying. Twelve attendant officials. Female.

**Wuwu (55th year):** Cong Yuanguang. Fourteen attendant officials.

**Wuzi (25th year):** The original destiny belongs to Yue Shiyang. Fourteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Greedy Wolf.

**Jiwei (56th year):** Shi Tongqing. Seventeen attendant officials. Female.

**Dingsi (54th year):** Cui Juqing. Ten attendant officials.

**Jichou (26th year):** The original destiny belongs to Fan Zhongyang. Seventeen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Great Gate.

**Wuwu (55th year):** Cong Yuanguang. Fourteen attendant officials. Female.

**Gengshen (57th year):** Hua Wenyang. Fifteen attendant officials.

**Gengyin (27th year):** The original destiny belongs to Chu Jinqing. Fifteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Fortune Preservation.

**Xinyou (58th year):** You Yuanyu. Thirteen attendant officials. Female.

**Jiwei (56th year):** Shi Tongqing. Seventeen attendant officials.

**Xinmao (28th year):** The original destiny belongs to Guo Ziliang. Thirteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Literary Brilliance.

**Gengshen (57th year):** Hua Wenyang. Fifteen attendant officials. Female.

**Renxu (59th year):** Yue Jinqing. Eleven attendant officials.

**Renchen (29th year):** The original destiny belongs to Wu Zhiqing. Eleven attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Upright Integrity.

**Guihai (60th year):** Zuo Shisong. Nine attendant officials. Female.

**Xinyou (58th year):** You Yuanyu. Thirteen attendant officials.

**Guisi (30th year):** The original destiny belongs to Shi Gonglai. Nine attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Martial Brilliance.

**Renxu (59th year):** Yue Jinqing. Eleven attendant officials. Female.

**Jiazi (1st year):** Wang Wenqing. Eighteen attendant officials.

**Jiawu (31st year):** The original destiny belongs to Wei Shangqing. Eighteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Destructive Army.

**Yichou (2nd year):** Long Jiqing. Sixteen attendant officials. Female.

**Guihai (60th year):** Zuo Shisong. Nine attendant officials.

**Yiwei (32nd year):** The original destiny belongs to Du Zhongyang. Sixteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Martial Brilliance.

**Jiazi (1st year):** Wang Wenqing. Eighteen attendant officials. Female.

**Bingyin (3rd year):** Zhang Zhongqing. Fourteen attendant officials.

**Bingshen (33rd year):** The original destiny belongs to Zhu Bozhong. Fourteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Upright Integrity.

**Dingmao (34th year):** Sima Qing. Eleven attendant officials. Female.

**Yichou (2nd year):** Long Jiqing. Sixteen attendant officials.

**Dingyou (34th year):** The original destiny belongs to Zang Wengong. Twelve attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Literary Brilliance.

**Bingyin (3rd year):** Zhang Zhongqing. Fourteen attendant officials. Female.

**Wuchen (5th year):** Ji Chuqing. Ten attendant officials.

**Wuxu (35th year):** The original destiny belongs to Fan Shaoqing. Ten attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Fortune Preservation.

**Jisi (6th year):** He Wenchang. Thirteen attendant officials. Female.

**Dingmao (34th year):** Sima Qing. Twelve attendant officials.

**Jihai (36th year):** The original destiny belongs to Deng Duqing. Thirteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Great Gate.

**Wuchen (5th year):** Ji Chuqing. Ten attendant officials. Female.

**Gengwu (7th year):** Feng Zhongqing. Seventeen attendant officials.

**Gengzi (37th year):** The original destiny belongs to Yang Zhongsheng. Seventeen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Greedy Wolf.

**Xinwei (8th year):** Wang Wenzhang. Fifteen attendant officials. Female.

**Jisi (6th year):** He Wenchang. Thirteen attendant officials.

**Xinchou (38th year):** The original destiny belongs to Lin Weigong. Fifteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Great Gate.

**Gengwu (7th year):** Feng Zhongqing. Seventeen attendant officials. Female.

**Renshen (9th year):** Hou Boqing. Thirteen attendant officials.

**Renyin (39th year):** The original destiny belongs to Qiu Mengqing. Thirteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Fortune Preservation.

**Guiyou (10th year):** Sun Zhongfang. Eleven attendant officials. Female.

**Xinwei (8th year):** Wang Wenzhang. Fifteen attendant officials.

**Guimao (40th year):** The original destiny belongs to Su Tajia. Eleven attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Literary Brilliance.

**Renshen (9th year):** Hou Boqing. Thirteen attendant officials. Female.

**Jiaxu (11th year):** Zhan Zijiang. Fourteen attendant officials.

**Jiachen (41st year):** The original destiny belongs to Meng Feiqing. Fourteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Upright Integrity.

**Yihai (12th year):** Pang Mingxin. Twelve attendant officials. Female.

**Guiyou (10th year):** Sun Zhongfang. Eleven attendant officials.

**Yisi (42nd year):** The original destiny belongs to Tang Wenqing. Twelve attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Martial Brilliance.

**Jiaxu (11th year):** Zhan Zijiang. Fourteen attendant officials. Female.

**Bingzi (13th year):** Xing Sunqing. Sixteen attendant officials.

**Bingwu (43rd year):** The original destiny belongs to Wei Wengong. Sixteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Destructive Army.

**Dingchou (14th year):** Zhao Ziyu. Fourteen attendant officials. Female.

**Yihai (12th year):** Pang Mingxin. Twelve attendant officials.

**Dingwei (44th year):** The original destiny belongs to Shi Shutong. Fourteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Martial Brilliance.

**Bingzi (13th year):** Xing Sunqing. Sixteen attendant officials. Female.

**Wuyin (15th year):** Yu Zizhang. Twelve attendant officials.

**Wushen (45th year):** The original destiny belongs to Fan Boyang. Twelve attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Upright Integrity.

**Jimao (16th year):** Shi Wenyang. Fifteen attendant officials. Female.

**Dingchou (14th year):** Zhao Ziyu. Fourteen attendant officials.

**Jiyou (46th year):** The original destiny belongs to Cheng Wenchang. Fifteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Literary Brilliance.

**Wuyin (15th year):** Yu Zizhang. Twelve attendant officials. Female.

**Gengchen (17th year):** Yin Jiaqing. Thirteen attendant officials.

**Gengxu (47th year):** The original destiny belongs to Shi Ziren. Thirteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Prosperity.

**Xinsi (18th year):** Yang Zhonggong. Eleven attendant officials. Female.

**Jimao (16th year):** Shi Wenyang. Fifteen attendant officials.

**Xinhai (48th year):** The original destiny belongs to Zuo Zixing. Eleven attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Great Gate.

**Gengchen (17th year):** Yin Jiaqing. Thirteen attendant officials. Female.

**Renwu (19th year):** Ma Ziming. Fifteen attendant officials.

**Renzi (49th year):** The original destiny belongs to Su Shangqing. Fifteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Greedy Wolf.

**Guiwei (20th year):** Lü Weiming. Thirteen attendant officials. Female.

**Xinsi (18th year):** Yang Zhonggong. Eleven attendant officials.

**Guichou (50th year):** The original destiny belongs to Jiang Hanqing. Thirteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Great Gate.

**Renwu (19th year):** Ma Ziming. Fifteen attendant officials. Female.

**Jiashen (21st year):** Hu Wenchang. Sixteen attendant officials.

**Jiayin (51st year):** The original destiny belongs to Ming Wenzhang. Sixteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Prosperity.

**Yiyou (22nd year):** Kong Ligong. Fourteen attendant officials. Female.

**Guiwei (20th year):** Lü Weiming. Thirteen attendant officials.

**Yimao (52nd year):** The original destiny belongs to Dai Gongyang. Fourteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Literary Brilliance.

**Jiashen (21st year):** Hu Wenchang. Sixteen attendant officials. Female.

**Bingxu (23rd year):** Che Yuansheng. Twelve attendant officials.

**Bingchen (53rd year):** The original destiny belongs to Huo Shuying. Twelve attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Upright Integrity.

**Dinghai (24th year):** Zhang Wentong. Ten attendant officials. Female.

**Yiyou (22nd year):** Kong Ligong. Fourteen attendant officials.

**Dingsi (54th year):** The original destiny belongs to Cui Juqing. Ten attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Martial Brilliance.

**Bingxu (23rd year):** Che Yuansheng. Twelve attendant officials. Female.

**Wuzi (25th year):** Yue Shiyang. Fourteen attendant officials.

**Wuwu (55th year):** The original destiny belongs to Cong Tianguang. Fourteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Ruinous Army.

**Jichou (26th year):** Fan Zhongyang. Seventeen attendant officials. Female.

**Dinghai (24th year):** Zhang Wentong. Ten attendant officials.

**Jiwei (56th year):** The original destiny belongs to Shi Tongqing. Seventeen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Martial Brilliance.

**Wuzi (25th year):** Yue Shiyang. Fourteen attendant officials. Female.

**Gengyin (27th year):** Chu Jinqing. Fifteen attendant officials.

**Gengshen (57th year):** The original destiny belongs to Hua Wenyang. Fifteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Upright Integrity.

**Xinmao (28th year):** Guo Ziliang. Thirteen attendant officials. Female.

**Jichou (26th year):** Fan Zhongyang. Seventeen attendant officials.

**Xinyou (58th year):** The original destiny belongs to Bing Yuanyu. Thirteen attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Literary Brilliance.

**Gengyin (27th year):** Chu Jinqing. Fifteen attendant officials. Female.

**Renchen (29th year):** Wu Zhiqing. Eleven attendant officials.

**Renxu (59th year):** The original destiny belongs to Yue Jinqing. Eleven attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Prosperity.

**Guisi (30th year):** Shi Gonglai. Nine attendant officials. Female.

**Xinmao (28th year):** Guo Ziliang. Thirteen attendant officials.

**Guihai (60th year):** The original destiny belongs to Zuo Shisong. Nine attendant officials. The Primordial Celestial Stem is the Star of Great Gate.

**Renchen (29th year):** Wu Zhiqing. Eleven attendant officials. Female.

**Jiawu (31st year):** Wei Shangqing. Eighteen attendant officials.

The sixty-year cycle of the original destiny and Primordial Celestial Stems is now complete.